This file is intended to keep track of work that should be done in the future,
trying to classify it according to priority.

HIGH PRIORITY:

 - Decide how to handle the production of exercise solutions that might not be there when the
   script is run with the --final option for the exercise sheet production

 - Implement option to produce presence sheet, with columns associated to each exercise.
   This sheet should have a name column (the first one), as many columns as the exercises and
   one empty column at the end.
    * This presence sheet should be constructed by the ExerciseHandler internally producing
      a .tex file (that uses pgfplotstable) in a tmp folder which is then compiled as the
      exercise/solution sheets, moving the result elsewhere in case of success.
    * The construction of this sheet should be based on the .log file of the final sheet
      from where the number of exercise is deduced
    * The list of students should be contained in a file, whose name has to be stored into
      the TexLocaldefs.tex file -> Adjust template!
    * In the pgfplotstable code, the columns should be added on the fly, using the "create on use"
      key which is described in sections 4.2 and 4.3 (in particular 4.3.1 for empty cols) of the
      pgfplotstable package https://ctan.org/pkg/pgfplotstable?lang=en
   This sheet could be used to gather signatures in tutorials (without exercise columns)
   or to make student auto-evaluate (without signature column) or to do both.

 - Refactor command line helper in order to print secondary options after the mutually
   exclusive ones. Implement some logic to forbid using strange combinations of options.
   Write a short preface to the list of option in the helper.
 - Implement creation of solution files in parallel with exercise through -N option.
   Said differently, when the script is run with -N, it has to create an empty exercise and
   its empty solution, which contains by default the sentence "Solution not given."
   This has the advantage of having always a consistent numbering of solutions with respect
   to exercises. If the exercise and/or the solution is there, do nothing, otherwise create it.
   This allows to use the -N option to create solutions giving the name of already existing exercises.
 - Implement -X option.

NORMAL PRIORITY:

- At the moment, if the fix final option is given, we remove the final folder and recreate it.
  However, if the user forgot to close a file in that folder, the rm -r command fail and the script
  aborts. This is bad, because usually the rm -r command will have already deleted partially
  the final folder! A workaround for the user is to recreate the final sheet in this case, but
  it is not so friendly. It would be nice if the handler would take care of this situation.
  -> Think about a possible solution. Have a look to "lsof +D DIR" command.

- Give the possibility to the user to create her/his own theme. Implement option
   to abilitate this and pass the file. This should contain the needed commands
   (\Heading, etc.) and it should be input in the main tex file. Add description
   to README file where commands to be provided should be listed. Decide whether we
   expect to get the full path to the custom theme as an argument to the command line
   option, or we use a field in localdefs for the path and the command line option to
   just pass the name (useful also if we will ever have a folder with many available themes).

LOW PRIORITY:

 - Trap CTRL-C in a nice way: cleaning files/folders. etc. -> DESIGN
 - Use consistent exit error codes (now they are hard coded and without a meaning)
